You little brat, don't tell me about men and men
So are you shy?
You think too much
I just want to visit
I don't know about this bedroom
It's you, what do you mean by dragging me not to let me in?
Could it be that you have some shady secret
Do you have a perverted secret room?
Or are you a cross-dressing fart?
Just a pervert
I'm still a cowardly pervert
I've been hiding this sentence for 7 years and I dare not say it to you
Because I don't think I'm qualified
I'm not as brave as you
Not as dazzling as you
In front of you, I will feel inferior, helpless and overwhelmed
So I study hard
Three months before the college entrance examination, I got into Southwest University of Political Science and Law in a fit of anger
Now I have the courage to stand in front of you and talk nonsense
I can't stop this foot from being broken and delicious
This brain is broken, but I can't help it
Don't touch me
I think every move you make is seducing Zhang, otherwise you should calm down
No, I have to tell you this sentence, don't say I don't want to hear you let me go
You bastard
Tang Jian, I like you